Shit, it's the other way around.
How dare this woman hit me? Look what I'm doing
Do him alone, yes yes yes
Jie Shao was beaten
Let the security team come over quickly
What's the matter with Mr. Ye?
This dog man and woman
I, Mr. Jie, called
Squatting on the street stipulates that I will be arrested
Ah!
Ha ha.
What a waste
Every time the electric baton comes out, it scares like this
Mr. Wan, are you alright?
How come?
What the hell happened to me?
What's the matter with you?
Noisy when this lady does not exist
Are you there, Miss Xia?
I told you this kid is not a good thing
The following scene may not be suitable for your presence
Please avoid it.
What the hell is going on?
Aren't you going to explain it to me?
It's a mess here
Otherwise let's go
Don't worry, I'm here and I won't hurt you.
So you don't believe
Why don't I call my personal ID and ask?
Not everything is clear
Who is the divine witness?